docs: Update README.md (#1561)
AppiumTestDistribution/appium-device-farm: README.md

5. Monitor and manage test sessions through a user-friendly dashboard, providing real-time visibility into ongoing tests and detailed logs for easy debugging and troubleshooting.
6. Record and replay test runs, enabling teams to review test executions, reproduce issues, and ensure thorough testing coverage.

---

## 📺 Streaming Settings

> The **Streaming Settings** section allows you to customize the streaming performance and quality of the emulator or real device screen within the Appium Device-farm dashboard. This is particularly useful when running remote tests or sharing device sessions in real-time, ensuring the best balance between performance and visual clarity.

Reviewer: ## 📺 Streaming Settings
The **Streaming Settings** section allows you to customize the streaming performance and quality of the IOS simulator or real device screen within the Appium Device-farm dashboard. This is particularly useful when running remote tests or sharing device sessions in real-time and using the device with low bandwidth network ensuring the best balance between performance and visual clarity.

> The **Streaming Settings** section allows you to customize the streaming performance and quality of the emulator or real device screen within the Appium Device-farm dashboard. This is particularly useful when running remote tests or sharing device sessions in real-time, ensuring the best balance between performance and visual clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Streaming Settings** section allows you to customize the streaming performance and quality of the IOS simulator and real device screen within the Appium Device-farm dashboard. This is particularly useful when accessing devices from remote machines for real-time control, ensuring the best balance between performance and visual clarity.
```

Author: I changed thang you @sudharsan-selvaraj
